hello once again are evident through
seus the skirt ugly building solutions
engineer with synergists engineering
design solutions or doing another Revit
exercise for you on building pads it's a
unique element that cuts through the
toposurface in part one a different
video I did one where the walls in the
toposurface were in the same Revit
project this is kind of a step beyond
that where there's two different Revit
projects that are linked to each other
and the building walls are in one and
the topo surfaces in the other I need to
get them to interact and here's how we
do it
for starters right now I'm in the
building model and if I select out
you'll see the whole thing is one big
linked file it's over in the site model
you're seeing it kind of tilted like
this because that is in true north that
views in true north and this view is in
project North I can put walls here in my
building model RVT but that topo surface
you're seeing there since it's in the
link they cannot interact with each
other so I have to change my process a
little bit when they're in two different
files so let's make this kind of simple
for ourselves just a rectangular
building I'll make it go with a base
offset of like negative 12 feet
something like that so it goes down to a
basement do rectangular building
something like that and then if you want
to we can look at it over in 3d here and
you'll see that it did not actually cut
the toposurface so here's the point is
they don't even know to react with each
other at this point if I tried to pick
on building patted be grayed out right
now the button is not accessible to me
so I hit save and I'm gonna have to go
over to the other RVT or put on the
other person's hat if it's somebody else
where they're now seeing my building pad
is a link but they can use it as a
tracing around for the building pad that
they can create with the file that has
the toposurface in it
so we go to our massing and site tab
there's where the toposurface was
created and there's building pad as a
choice it puts me in a mode I can draw
around the outside boundary or use one
of the other tools if I so desire I'm
just going to go around the outside
boundary of the foundation wall close
the boundary up make a height offset of
like negative 11 feet and negative 12
feet to make the building pad go down
that far and then say finish with the
check mark you can see that they're
already cut my contours and if I look at
it 3d you can see that it dips down in
now the 12 feet that I asked it to even
though the building walls are in another
file and a linked file so I'll hit save
on this and close it and go back over to
the building files so you can see how
this turned out you're back in the other
Revit file let's open up the building
model once again the toposurface now
with the new cut in it is showing up as
in a link here in my file and as I'm
looking down and I can see through the
building down into 12 foot below the
topo surface there and I'll cut a
section line through it just to take a
look at it from another angle yet before
we finish so right click on it go to
view maybe change the scale it's at
one-inch equal 20 feet I've got a
quarter-inch scale so you can see the
poche and know indeed that it did not
fill in so um hopefully you'll join me
again on another Revit tip soon thanks